#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
filelock==3.13.1
    # via search-data-collector
fonttools==4.50.0
    # via matplotlib
gradient-free-optimizers==1.3.0
    # via hyperactive
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
hyperactive==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   gradient-free-optimizers
    #   hyperactive
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   search-data-collector
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradient-free-optimizers
    #   hyperactive
    #   search-data-collector
pillow==10.2.0
    # via matplotlib
plotly==5.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via gradient-free-optimizers
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   gradient-free-optimizers
    #   scikit-learn
search-data-collector==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.4.46
    # via search-data-collector
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
threadpoolctl==3.3.0
    # via scikit-learn
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   gradient-free-optimizers
    #   hyperactive
